# gilman-family-practice-v2-2023

## A Pixelarity Site Template [Scaler] to customize, tailor to client's curr needs + improve on the content of curr site: www.gilmanfamilypractice.com; including: 

### Background Info: this new site template will be customized to replace the current, but deprecated customized site by Stackbit. The Stackbit jamstack became deprecated when they upgraded to a newer platform in 2022 which caused deployment builds to fail with Netlify. Using Stackbit and Netlify's help docs I tried editing the build settings + stackbit config files with no luck. This jamstack would need to be upgraded and rebuilt in order to stick with a Stackbit site template.

#### Solution: Start over with a simple bootstrap site theme that will not be affected by a parent (in this case Stackbit, but could occur with a Wordpress or other CMS with external dependencies). The Scalar theme by Pixelarity.com was chosen as a close fit to the current site for customizing and replicating the core content, e.g., images, logos, forms, copy, etc. first. Once all the core content has been placed in the best sections of the template, start improving/iterating each section/div w/focus on creating a better user/patient visitor experience by using the elements in the template sparingly, only as needed to help the visitor/patient navigate the site. Create minimum # of pages and fill each section w/minimal text -- PDR! -- brevity is key so visitors can find what they're looking for, e.g., forms to complete before next appt, or what medical services are provided, etc. Use link buttons to help navigate from section to section, or page, to download forms w/minimal graphics or other elements on page >> Design, don't Decorate!

#### The client, Gilman Family Practice will have instructions for maintaining content of this new site once it (this repo) is tranferred from my (erik1968) Github acct to the client's Github Acct: eg1lgfp (Emily Gilman at Gilman Family Practice). Then, the client's Netlify acct will be connected to this repo for site builds + deployments to the client's domain at www.gilmanfamilypractice.com.
